docs/api/minimise.md, before:

# Minimisation

In addition to the following, note that the [Optax](https://github.com/deepmind/optax) library offers an extensive collection of minimisers via first-order gradient methods -- as are in widespread use for neural networks. If you would like to use these through the Optimistix API then an [`optimistix.OptaxMinimiser`][] wrapper is provided.

::: optimistix.minimise

---

[`optimistix.minimise`][] supports any of the following minimisers.

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractMinimiser`"

    ::: optimistix.AbstractMinimiser
        options:
            members:
                - init
                - step
                - terminate
                - postprocess

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractGradientDescent`"

    ::: optimistix.AbstractGradientDescent
        options:
            members:
                false

::: optimistix.GradientDescent
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewton`"

    ::: optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewton
        options:
            members:
                false

    [`optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewton`][] supports several update methods for the Hessian approximation. Optimistix currently provides two of these ([`optimistix.BFGSUpdate`][] and [`optimistix.DFPUpdate`][]), but you can also implement your own using the [`optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewtonUpdate`][] interface.

    ::: optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewtonUpdate
        options:
            members:
                - __call__

    ::: optimistix.BFGSUpdate
        options:
            members:
                - __init__

    ::: optimistix.DFPUpdate
        options:
            members:
                - __init__

::: optimistix.BFGS
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

::: optimistix.DFP
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

::: optimistix.OptaxMinimiser
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

`optim` in [`optimistix.OptaxMinimiser`][] is an instance of an Optax minimiser. For example, correct usage is `optimistix.OptaxMinimiser(optax.adam(...), ...)`, not `optimistix.OptaxMinimiser(optax.adam, ...)`.

---

::: optimistix.NonlinearCG
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

[`optimistix.NonlinearCG`][] supports several different methods for computing its β parameter. If you are trying multiple solvers to see which works best on your problem, then you may wish to try all four versions of nonlinear CG. These can each be passed as `NonlinearCG(..., method=...)`.

::: optimistix.polak_ribiere

::: optimistix.fletcher_reeves

::: optimistix.hestenes_stiefel

::: optimistix.dai_yuan

---

::: optimistix.NelderMead
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

::: optimistix.BestSoFarMinimiser
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

Commit message:

inline the update methods for quasi-Newton approximations

docs/api/minimise.md, after:

# Minimisation

In addition to the following, note that the [Optax](https://github.com/deepmind/optax) library offers an extensive collection of minimisers via first-order gradient methods -- as are in widespread use for neural networks. If you would like to use these through the Optimistix API then an [`optimistix.OptaxMinimiser`][] wrapper is provided.

::: optimistix.minimise

---

[`optimistix.minimise`][] supports any of the following minimisers.

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractMinimiser`"

    ::: optimistix.AbstractMinimiser
        options:
            members:
                - init
                - step
                - terminate
                - postprocess

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractGradientDescent`"

    ::: optimistix.AbstractGradientDescent
        options:
            members:
                false

::: optimistix.GradientDescent
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

??? abstract "`optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewton`"

    Base class for quasi-Newton solvers, which create approximations to the Hessian or
    by accumulating gradient information over multiple iterations.
    Optimistix currently includes the following three variants: 
    [`optimistix.BFGS`][], [`optimistix.DFP`][] and [`optimistix.LBFGS][], each of which
    may be used to either approximate the Hessian or its inverse. They default to 
    approximating the inverse Hessian.

    ::: optimistix.AbstractQuasiNewton
        options:
            members:
                false

::: optimistix.BFGS
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

::: optimistix.DFP
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

::: optimistix.LBFGS
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

::: optimistix.OptaxMinimiser
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

`optim` in [`optimistix.OptaxMinimiser`][] is an instance of an Optax minimiser. For example, correct usage is `optimistix.OptaxMinimiser(optax.adam(...), ...)`, not `optimistix.OptaxMinimiser(optax.adam, ...)`.

---

::: optimistix.NonlinearCG
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

[`optimistix.NonlinearCG`][] supports several different methods for computing its β parameter. If you are trying multiple solvers to see which works best on your problem, then you may wish to try all four versions of nonlinear CG. These can each be passed as `NonlinearCG(..., method=...)`.

::: optimistix.polak_ribiere

::: optimistix.fletcher_reeves

::: optimistix.hestenes_stiefel

::: optimistix.dai_yuan

---

::: optimistix.NelderMead
    options:
        members:
            - __init__

---

::: optimistix.BestSoFarMinimiser
    options:
        members:
            - __init__
